feat: add resources for documentation driven development (#9)
etclabscore/pristine: CONTRIBUTING.md

> This document is inspired by [elasticsearch/CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> Adding a `CONTRIBUTING.md` to a github repository enables a link to that file in the pull request or create an issue page. This shows potential contributors how to make a meaningful impact on the project. Contribution guidelines save time and hassle caused by improper pull requests and issues. You can learn more about the features that are enabled by github when this file is present [here](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-guidelines-for-repository-contributors/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a `CONTRIBUTING.md` to a github repository enables a link to that file in the pull request or create an issue page. This document should guide potential contributors toward making a successful and meaningful impact on the project, and can save maintainers time and hassle caused by improper pull requests and issues. You can learn more about the features that are enabled by github when this file is present [here](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-guidelines-for-repository-contributors/).
```

Author: yea this sounds better

> Adding a `CONTRIBUTING.md` to a github repository enables a link to that file in the pull request or create an issue page. This shows potential contributors how to make a meaningful impact on the project. Contribution guidelines save time and hassle caused by improper pull requests and issues. You can learn more about the features that are enabled by github when this file is present [here](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-guidelines-for-repository-contributors/)

Author: ```suggestion
Adding a `CONTRIBUTING.md` to a github repository enables a link to that file in the pull request or create an issue page. This shows potential contributors how to make a meaningful impact on the project. Contribution guidelines save time and hassle caused by improper pull requests and issues. You can learn more about the features that are enabled by github when this file is [here](https://help.github.com/articles/setting-guidelines-for-repository-contributors/)
```

For small documentation changes and fixes, these can be done quickly following this video guide on [how to contribute to Open Source in 1 minute on Github](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRYk1-yKwWs).

### Forking the repository

> First off, find help on how to fork a repo [here](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/).

Author: ```suggestion
[How to fork a repository](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/).
```

### Submitting changes

1. Review & Test changes

> If it's code: test it. If it's documentation: preview the rendered Markdown.

Author: ```suggestion
If the code changed, then test it. If documentation changed, then preview the rendered Markdown.
```

> ### Cloning (or forking) the repository

Author: ```suggestion
### Cloning the repository
```

> ### Cloning (or forking) the repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Forking the repository
```

> First off, find help on how to fork a repo [here](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/).

Reviewer 2: The heading here sounds like we are being inclusive of `cloning`, but I'd assume we want contributors to `fork` - almost always. Unless I'm mistaken, maybe we can remove the "Cloning" part of the heading to just leave "Forking the repository"

Author: yea definitely want to encourage forking to then make PR's back. cloning doesn't really promote that

> First off, find help on how to fork a repo [here](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How to fork a repo [here](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/).
```

### Submitting changes

1. Review & Test changes

> If it's code: test it. If it's documentation: preview the rendered Markdown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If changes in code, then test the code. If changes in documentation, then preview the rendered Markdown.
```

> If it's code: test it. If it's documentation: make sure to view it in a Markdown viewer or the like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it's code: test it. If it's documentation: preview the rendered Markdown.
```

 
4. Submit a pull request

> Push local changes to you forked repository and make a pull request. Follow the [Convention Commits](CONVENTIONAL_COMMITS.md) guidelines for naming Github pull requests and what to put in the body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Push local changes to your forked repository and make a pull request. Follow the [Convention Commits](CONVENTIONAL_COMMITS.md) guidelines for naming Github pull requests and what to put in the body.
```

Reviewer: Is the idea here that a commit subject line should be reused as a PR title? (I don't see any mention of PR titling in that doc...)
